Add `displayName` prop to `createTextLinkBlock` factory (#2618)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/tiny-tasks-tackle.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
---

> Add optional prop to `createTextLinkBlock` function to set a custom displayName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `displayName` prop to `createTextLinkBlock` factory to support setting a custom display name
```
